The models talk about proteins — but what do they actually look
like? Let's trace two of them, atom by atom, from real structures.
This is carbonic anhydrase — the enzyme we bolt
onto the cell to turn carbon dioxide into carbonate.
Every twist is its real, folded backbone.
Follow the chain to where the chemistry happens: three
histidines clamp a single zinc ion. That tiny pocket
is what speeds the reaction about a million-fold.
And this is the other one — the synthase that
stitches glutamate into long gamma-P-G-A chains. This fold is AlphaFold's
prediction, not a crystal, so we flag it honestly.
Two real enzymes, two real shapes — and the pocket on each
one is where every downstream number in this toolkit is born.